1. Do each of the following using a single ls command without
navigating to a different directory.

List all of the files in /bin that contain the letter a

List all of the files in /bin that contain the letter a or the letter b

List all of the files in /bin that contain the letter a AND the letter b













2. Print out the contents of the lessons/thw-shell/dictionary.txt
file. What does this file contain?

Without changing directories, (you should still be in lessons/thw-
shell), use one short command to print the contents of all of the
files in the /home/swc/2014-03-10-uva/lessons/thw-shell/data/thomas
directory.














3. Use the commands we've learned so far to figure out how to search
in reverse while using less.











4. Use >>, to append the contents of all of the files which contain
the number 4 in the directory:

/homeswc2014-03-10-uvalessonsthw-shelldatagerdal

to the existing all_data file. Thus, when you are done all_data should
contain all of the experiment data from Bert and any experimental data
file from Gerdal that contains the number 4.














5. Do the following:

a. Rename the all_data_IMPORTANT file to all_data.

b. Create a directory in the data directory called foo

c. Then, copy the all_data file into foo












6. Figure out how to get wc to print the length of the longest line in
all_data.











7. Use the echo command and the append operator, >>, to append your
name to the file, then sort it and make a new file called Sorted.













8. Use the man command to find out how to sort the output from wc in
reverse order.












9. Combine the wc, sort, head and tail commands so that only the wc
information for the largest file is listed

Hint: To print the smallest file, use:

wc bert/* | sort -k 3 -n | head -n 1















10. Create an executable script called smallestrange in the data
directory, that is similar to the smallest script, but prints the file
containing the file with the smallest Range. Use the commands grep,
sort, and head or tail to do this.















11. Navigate to the data directory. Use one find command to perform
each of the operations listed below (except number 2, which does not
require a find command):

a. Find any file whose name is "NOTES" within data and delete it

b. Create a new directory called cleaneddata

c. Move all of the files within data to the cleaneddata directory

d. Rename all of the files to ensure that they end in .txt (note: it
is ok for the file name to end in .txt.txt

Hint: If you make a mistake and need to start over just do the
following:

1. Navigate to the lessons/thw-shell directory

2. Delete the data directory with rm -rf data

3. Enter the command: git checkout -- data You should see that the
data directory has reappeared in its original state

BONUS

Redo part d, except rename only the files which do not already end in
.txt. You will have to use the man command to figure out how to search
for files which do not match a certain name.
















